I teach you when you can start right so first we have the founder section. I want it to be exactly how I did it like with the pictures included but having my own section where like H, it's it says founder story, yeah, like that, yeah. And then um the colors, the purple you saw on there, the beige, the cream, all of that I wanted. uh the purple on there and also the logo design from your end. 
Yes. And um uh, let me go to a website again. Let's see. perspective. 
Okay, uh I think yeah, we we wanted to add oh, uh squirrels corlsroll all the way Squirrel? Whereas it says seven Okay, this part. So so go to my part, go to my website, home and then scroll Do you see how I have seven herbs, three oils, healthy roots? 
I want it to be similar to that, because your part here is just says healthy roots. Yes, okay, I got you, so. I wanted you to like that title to be. 
So what I'll do is like, right here where it says the one or anything like that, I put seven and then three and then that.roll down to your real quick? I. see where it says healthy roots? Yeah, I wanted to say like the seven herbs yeah, but I did.. 
And then um where the science meet hair, uh, yeah, where the science meet hair. Ooh, I like that, but I also like the science picture that I had on my end. Where is that? 
Yeah, this so I could put that right here that's okay. I put it in between and make it where science. I don't know how the pictures you put is related to, you know, science. 
There was more than meat hair. Yeah, yeah. Okay. 
I think that's what AI was trying to generate. Yeah. um also scroll down to my page. Okay, the scroll down all the way down, all the way down. like at the very bottom. 
Very, very. Very bottom. Okay, you see this part? 
This foot Yeah. I I see it in most websites, but I don't see it on yours. Is it necessary or yours the the website that you're using doesn't come with it? 
I'm just. I'm getting this from. Oh that's what I'm telling you. 
Anything you want I can do. So if you want me to add like the little the little icons where you can go to your Instagram and stuff like that, I can do that. do you have the Instagram? do you me to give it to you or would you please give it to me? 
Because even now, when I just clicked, it just text me at Instagram.coms I't give you. It's simply a money root or underscore oil. Sorry, underscorp oils. 
Yeah, that second one, the first one, yeah. So there's that. Uh-huh. 
Cool. And then let's see, let's see that you didn't see it see. And if you have like Facebook or Twitter or anything like that, you can say nice to me as well. 
Yeah, I don't have them yet. But what is it It's not required, you're good. I'll just put like a little Instagram logo right here. you see how I have right here, but I'll just make it more more vibrant for you. 
Okay. and then sorry, I'm actually I actually want to go to my website to give you more details for those I can think of anything right now. Oh, yeah. The I don't see like the groups, the events, the book online, my I don't see those Let's see. 
Yeah, because I keep telling you this. um yeah, I didn't I didn't add it purposely because I didn't know if you were liking my vibe first. So, you know what I'm saying? So like I didn't want to add it and you be like, Omari, this sucks. 
I don't like that. I't like this. I'm like, okay, I'm gonna keep it extremely simple, extremely simple, and then give her a taste if she likes it, I can make the whole recipe, you know., I don't want your hard work to go in like, yes, so don't think I like for sake anything or anything like that or like, oh, she don't need this. 
No, I' just trying to give you a small taste, so I can go back in, you know? Yeah, I respect that. So hair is I can add these two, yeah. 
And yeah, but I also wanted everything to be like, I didn't want the the three bars. I wanted everything to just be on top to make things simpler because my parents will also be using the app. hundred percent. Like you want to like that that makes sense. 
I want to simplify life as a life for them as well, although I'm not doing it for them, but're smart because think about it, those are that's the age group that's spending that money, so you gotta make it, you got to make it for them. simplify things, although this generation is like advanced, but if your mom and dad can use it, you know, you got something good. That's what I'll be destin it, I'. Yeah, so like, wait, can you expand my 100% percent. 
Uhoh. Yeah, I'm gonna make I'll make my mind disappear, huh? Yeah, so like the home shop I was one that could top like that, exactly like that I got you. 
Yeah. And then, uh and then for these, do you have somewhere to book already? Like, where does it? 
I don't know what I got I don't I put them So what I' I'm gonna text you two s sign up for straight like, and kind that kind of, so for cow dotcom, cow dotcom is like a um it's a calendar pretty much. So whenever you have event or anything like that, um or like any of these speaking engagements and you want to do it via Zoom, you're able to use cow.com to like have people book and it will send them an email with your link if that makes sense. And it's it's completely free. 
And so it's stripe as well, completely free. I love that. Thank you. 
Yeah, I guess you. Thank you and you said if all I' using stripe stripe is just to Take your payment. Yeah, take the payment, but when it comes to like, stripes show me that, oh, this person, you need to start shipping and go. 
So it won't tell you that word for word, but when you get the notification that a marriage just bought 25 oil, like hair oils, you should start making it and start getting ready of your package it. Or you can just keep it. It's up to you. 
I don't mind. It doesn't matter to me. I don't care if you you're doing bad. 
Yes. And then another thing I wanted to bring to your attention. You should look into drop shipping as well. 
Like, um maybe not maybe not for your oils, your hair oils, but uh save you want to start selling combs or brushes or anything like that. There's vindors already who make these things and you can just put it on your site and it doesn't cost you anything and you just make money every time somebody buys it and you don't have to test your product at all. So? 
Yeah. I. And you the what you about drop things so they sell they have like the combs, the accessories, like the hair accessories. But how do I make money off of it? 
You so yeah, so say you see it on your site for like two dollars and you charge 10 every time somebody orders you make eight dollars and you just have to promote and and they ship it for you and they do everything for you. I tried working on, but it was actually to pay and stuff. Oh, I was just I was giving you an example of what it could look like. 
I'll give you some free options too. I just I just want to bring it to you. Yeah, I don't want you to pay no more. 
That's all like after me, you don't have to pay no more, bro. so much. You feel me? Like the only thing you'll have to pay for, like after we're finished is your domain every year and it should be only $10. 
And that's it. Yeah, yeah.. So we talked about groups, you' going I go back and add those too. 
I'm not to make anything bigger again. The groups is more like so it's it's more like a blog. People can post their hair, like hey Sia, um here's my progress on two months using the oil, you know, it's one like a blog and people can put their opinions and like if you go to my okay, go to my page, you see how it is? 
can you see you see mine? Yeah. Yeah, I see yours. 
Yeah, it's like a, yeah. like everyone can just their comments and like an Instagram, I guess. Yeah. Yeah. 
I can do that. Okay, I don't I don't want you to have a longer longer but audio to listen while you're editing. book online, we talked about it already. I have the haircop concept consultation and the hair care course. 
Yes. I don't know how to do. Those will be like through.com that shows you, but. 
Yes, still go stripe just received all the money that I. Yeah, come. I'm gonna make it mad simple for you. You get you ain't good hands. 
So cow.com if you were to do anything for tonight, I would just watch like maybe like a simple video on Cal.com how it Works and a simple video on stripe, even though I'm gonna walk you through it, but just so you're familiar with what you have. course. Yeah. So Kyle.com and stripe, but both of those are free, uh the Kyle.com is gonna be able to take your bookings. sharing anything that? 
No, no, no. Yeah, the.com is gonna be able to uh take your bookings. If you if you want people to pay the uh, like come to like any of your meetings, you can take calls through call.com with stripe. 
Does that make sense? Like, to be able to book, like people will be able to pay you, they'll be able to pay you to come to your session using the two tools that I gave you if that makes sense. And and you see how like this says zoom call right here? 
whenever somebody like buys tickets through like count here, I'll show you example. But uh, what's it called? I was there any other changes before I started showing you so I can stop recording?. 
Ooh. Okay, go to shop. Do you see that little white thing mean? 
I like that a lot. I mean, for your for on your part, you had put like the the orgo picture but I like this. I think it's more zar vibes and I really I really love the Zara vibes. 
I'm not gonna lie. I got you, I could put this here. If you don't mind putting that in a drive, I'll put it there. to me. 
The prices I put yeah, everything looks decent, decent to me. Yeah. And yeah, I think the completes it. 
We talked about the home screen already and yeah, I think that completes it.